so I wanted to show you this map here I
drew a pretty picture see there's ficci
thing he's over here and this one's got
bony thingies what's and this one looks
like your sister and over here and have
a sista well if you did that's what she
would look like
in the jungle the mighty jungle the lion
sleeps tonight shooting nothing nothing
at all he just saved your life okay and
he deserves a bolt in the head for that
everyone has to talking idiots now
everyone I will kill them all which one
should I give in to what okay Oh what
did I throw all those a rock I hope no
that was not a rock what is wrong with
you I think I scared the pig away you're
supposed to kill them oh oh I am look
it's one of object oh shit where is the
piggies Oh flowers article oh no not
this again another flower is article oh
don't drag that of ingots blood oh is
that all you guys are vampires oh wait
wait actually do you know Serena sorry
hey don't worry about it i'll find her
later I'm gonna moon those people okay I
do that so my ass is really very shut up
men it's like I'm wearing a hold of the
pair of panty like okay let's do this
who are those guys they got guns they
got guns I'm gonna shoot him I'm not
gonna shoot him I've just added against
it there with you oh ok good thing I
decided against it whoa you too close
personal space buddy personal space I
got a bauble here you should not be in a
dog hi Dennis you don't listen I don't
give a shit I'm fine I'm gonna punch you
out the motor lets me oh I can't look
away final I'm not look at you I look at
you looking at you go away no no uh-uh
figure out of my personal bubble now we
can talk and you're back in it now now
looking to you not looking to you okay I
guess I kind of look you think it's a
friendly dogs are calling for Janna can
I pet it hug him yeah sure look there's
a lot of doggies they're all my pet oh
oh oh she's by my head oh yeah I think
that was fine nothing oh quit real or
are you sure damn it what are you
shooting odds I'd the ground it was a
blurry ground hmm hmm nautical no I
you'll be fine why are you getting other
junkies oh we gotta go this way he's
over the water ah oh yeah keep doing
that you'll get there okay oh my god to
George
Oh what the hell is out of my hands
Annika baggage organ good gonna know
it's I've seen it on Animal Planet I
know what to do oh my god oh my god he
can make it so when did you know you can
another one hey look it's a dolphin Bom
Bom I hate jaws music my head yeah we go
with your pathetic panic well this thing
work on land goal and mode ah that
worked about as well as the cars boat
mode I'm just saying I'm back on the
roads article if you can call this a
road it is a road it's not a road stop
wow wow that's why i thought the fence
would move wait is it gonna think i only
have one bullet left yep yep only had
one mushrooms on the d pain aside you
saw that two rides article i'm not the
only one that's all that yeah you are oh
man what is with me and assholes you
tell me time climb your whole crime oh
my gosh okay i don't quite know what I'm
doing I'm just I'm just saying so i can
see that really either jump down so i
can climb up this is stupid how is that
stupid stupid you're stupid you're
stupid I haven't I have no basis for
that but you are whoa man what's over
here oh well wet ha not in a sexual way
you trippin some serious balls I minder
water whoa look it's snowing downtown
nevermind oh shit this is a bad trip
it's a badger shrine and to me whoa whoa
where's the girl the talking I want to
enter her Oh son of a bitch all right
let's get the words article run faster
your friends dying is she doing is that
what I missed out on I really don't know
what anyone's saying I've got my ipod on
all the time all right I'm gonna say
this once and once only to get it over
with Serena i'm on a boat what i'm on a
boat i'm justin it twice I hate you